Fix gateway example (#112)
kyma-project/examples: gateway/README.md

#### Expose a service with authentication

> 1. If you followed [Expose a service without authentication section](#Expose-a-service-without-authentication), you have to delete previously created API. If you didn't, you can go straight to the second point. To remove previously created API select the **APIs** button, open the contextual menu for the API, select **Delete** and confirm deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you **didn't** follow the steps in [Expose a service without authentication section](#Expose-a-service-without-authentication), go straight to step 2 of this instruction.
If you did, you must delete the previously created API. Select the **APIs** button, open the contextual menu for the API, select **Delete** and confirm.
```

There are two possible ways of exposing secured Api, either using the default authentication settings or the custom settings. Authentication settings consist of the JWKS URI and the Issuer.

> > **NOTE:** If you followed [Expose a service without authentication section](#Expose-a-service-without-authentication), the previously created API will be updated after applying the templates below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** If you followed the steps in [Expose a service without authentication section](#Expose-a-service-without-authentication), the previously created API will be updated after applying the templates.
```
